.TH "ELJ-SHJAR" "1" "2018-08-13" "ev3dev-lang-java" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
elj-shjar \- create executable wrapper for a jar file
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B elj-run
[\fB\-\-help\fR]
[\fB\-\-program\fR \fIjar\fR]
[\fB\-\-output\fR \fIsh\fR]
[\fB\-\-extra\-program\-args\fR \fIargs\fR]
[\fIMORE ELJ-RUN OPTIONS\fR ...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.B elj-shjar
is an utility for wrapping JARs with small shell script wrapper.
When this wrapped program is executed, the wrapper runs
.BR elj-run (1)
on itself with flags saved in this very script. The configuration is
embedded in from
-B elj-shjar
command line parameters.
.PP
The wrapper is documented under
.BR elj-stub (7)
manual entry.
.SH OPTIONS
.SS General options
.TP
.B \-\-help
Show a quick summary of program options.
.TP
.BI "\-\-program "  jar
Set the source JAR file. Also add it to the stored parameters.
.TP
.BI "\-\-output "  sh
Set the destination file.
.TP
.BI "\-\-extra\-program\-args " "arg1 arg2 ..."
Prepend the actual program arguments with the specified ones.
.SS elj-run options
.PP
Many more options are available. They are passed to the
.BR elj-run (1)
utility.
Their description is available on that man page.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.IP 0
if OK.
.IP 1
if invalid input was passed in.
.SH BUGS
.B elj-shjar
does not support wrapping JAR-less programs (with main class found on
classpath).
This is because the wrapper script always passes its location to
\fBelj-run\fR as the JAR path.
.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
To simply wrap a jar program with default parameters:
.PP
.nf
.RS
$ \fBelj-shjar --program /path/to/program.jar \\
    --output /path/to/program.sh\fR
.RE
.fi
.PP
To wrap a modular jar:
.PP
.nf
.RS
$ \fBelj-shjar --program /path/to/org.example.program.jar \\
    --mod org.example.program \\
    --output /path/to/program.sh\fR
.RE
.fi
.PP
To use AppCDS to run a program:
.PP
.nf
.RS
$ \fBelj-shjar --program /path/to/program.jar \\
    --cache-mode appcds \\
    --appcds-name program \\
    --output /path/to/program.sh\fR
.RE
.fi
.PP
.SH REPORTING BUGS
.PP
Please report bugs to GitHub:
.UR https://github.com/ev3dev-lang-java/openjdk-system/issues
.UE
\[char46]
.PP
If not sure, report a bug in the main project:
.UR https://github.com/ev3dev-lang-java/ev3dev-lang-java/issues/
.UE
\[char46]
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \[co] 2018 Jakub Vaněk. License: MIT license
.UR https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
.UE
\[char46]
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR elj-jar "(1), " elj-stub "(7), " elj.d "(5), " java "(1), "
