.TH "ELJ-RUN" "1" "2018-08-13" "ev3dev-lang-java" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
elj-run \- run java program in ev3dev-lang-java environment
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B elj-run
[\fB\-\-help\fR]
[\fB\-\-program\fR \fIjar\fR]
[\fB\-\-mod\fR \fImodname\fR]
[\fB\-\-java\-exe\fR \fIpath\fR]
[\fB\-\-extra\-jvm\-flags\fR \fIflags\fR]
[\fB\-\-extra\-class\-path\fR \fIpaths\fR]
[\fB\-\-extra\-module\-path\fR \fIpaths\fR]
[\fB\-\-cache\-mode\fR \fImode\fR]
[\fB\-\-appcds\-name\fR \fIname\fR]
[\fB\-\-appcds\-dir\fR \fIdir\fR]
[\fB\-\-appcds\-flush\fR]
\fB\-\-\fR
[\fIJAR OPTIONS\fR ...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.B elj-run
is a main program for running plain java programs under ev3dev-lang-java.
Given the right parameters, it wraps the \fBjava\fR command with
appropriate flags.
When some parameters are not specified, their values are taken from the
system configuration.
.PP
First task this program is for is gluing together
ev3dev-lang-java libraries and user programs.
Library paths are loaded from system configuration and combined with
user-provided additional library paths.
.PP
Second problem this program solves is managing Java class caches.
EV3 is quite slow when starting Java, so this wrapper automatically turns
on CDS caching.
To achieve further speedup, AppCDS caching mode is available.
It caches all classes loaded on the first program startup for
future loads.
.PP
For information about Java options, CDS and AppCDS, please consult the
Java documentation.
.SH OPTIONS
.SS General options
.TP
.B \-\-help
Show a quick summary of program options.
.TP
.BI "\-\-program "  jar
Add this JAR to classpath/modulepath (depending on \fB\-\-mod\fR option)
and uses it for main class lookup if \fB\-\-mod\fR is not specified.
.TP
.BI "\-\-mod " module.name[/main.class]
Use this module as the java run target.
This activates java module mode and \fB\-\-program\fR argument is added
to java module path.
.TP
.BI "\-\-java\-exe " path
Use this java executable instead of the system default.
.TP
.BI "\-\-extra\-jvm\-flags " "'flag1 flag2 ...'"
Append these flags to the java command line.
This option can be specified only once, so it is necessary to specify
multiple arguments in one string.
.TP
.BI "\-\-extra\-class\-path " "path1:path2:..."
Prepend class path with following paths.
The path list format is the same as Java uses, as it is forwarded to it.
.TP
.BI "\-\-extra\-module\-path " "path1:path2:... "
Prepend module path with following paths.
The path list format is the same as Java uses, as it is forwarded to it.
.SS Caching options
.TP
.BI "\-\-cache\-mode " "mode"
Select java class caching mode.
Available choices are \fBnone\fR, \fBcds\fR, \fBappcds\fR.
The default is defined in system configuration.
.TP
.BI "\-\-appcds\-name " "name"
Set the AppCDS cache name.
This needs to be unique to this program, else programs would end up
sharing the same cache.
If this option is not used, program JAR without the extension is used.
If program JAR isn't known either, \fBapp\fR is used instead.
.TP
.BI "\-\-appcds\-dir" "dir"
Set the AppCDS cache directory.
This is the directory where loaded class lists and caches will be stored.
.TP
.B "\-\-appcds\-flush"
Flush the AppCDS cache for this program.
After that is done, no program is run.
.SS JAR options
.PP
After the parameters to this wrapper, you can specify parameters to the
program to be run.
If there are any, they have to be separated by the double dash
(\fB\-\-\fR) from the previous arguments.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.IP 0
if OK.
.IP "not 0"
if something failed.
.SH FILES
.TP
.B /etc/elj.d/*
System configuration files. For more info, see
.BR elj.d (5).
.SH NOTES
.PP
This program does not manage the system Java versions. To do that, please
use the
.BR update-java-alternatives (8)
utility.
.SH BUGS
.PP
Some of the known are fixed. Do you know a new one? Please report it to us!
.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
To simply run a jar program with default parameters and two arguments:
.PP
.nf
.RS
$ \fBelj-run --program /path/to/program.jar -- arg1 arg2\fR
.RE
.fi
.PP
To run a modular jar:
.PP
.nf
.RS
$ \fBelj-run --program /path/to/org.example.program.jar --mod org.example.program \fR
.RE
.fi
.PP
To use AppCDS to run a program:
.PP
.nf
.RS
$ \fBelj-run --program /path/to/program.jar --cache-mode appcds --appcds-name program\fR
.RE
.fi
.PP
To run a program just from the module path, not having a JAR:
.PP
.nf
.RS
$ \fBelj-run --extra-module-path /path/to/bin/dir:/path/to/lib/dir --mod org.example.program\fR
.RE
.fi
.PP
.SH REPORTING BUGS
.PP
Please report bugs to GitHub:
.UR https://github.com/ev3dev-lang-java/openjdk-system/issues
.UE
\[char46]
.PP
If not sure, report a bug in the main project:
.UR https://github.com/ev3dev-lang-java/ev3dev-lang-java/issues/
.UE
\[char46]
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \[co] 2018 Jakub Vaněk. License: MIT license
.UR https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
.UE
\[char46]
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR elj-shjar "(1), " elj.d "(5), " java "(1), " update-java-alternatives "(8)
