.TH "ELJ.D" "5" "2018-08-13" "ev3dev-lang-java" "Configuration files"
.SH NAME
/etc/elj.d \- ev3dev-lang-java integration configuration directory
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B /etc/elj.d/01-default-flags
.br
.B /etc/elj.d/02-appcds
.br
.B /etc/elj.d/03-default-libs
.br
.B /etc/elj.d/*
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This directory contains system configuration for
.BR elj-run (1).
Several variables can be configured:
.TP
.BI JAVA_EXE= """/usr/bin/java"""
Path to system Java executable.
.TP
.BI JAVA_FLAGS= """\-Xint"""
Java options common for all invocations.
.TP
.BI APPCDS_DIR= """/home/user/.cache"""
Default AppCDS cache storage.
.TP
.BI CACHE_MODE= """none"""
Select java class caching mode. Available modes are:
.BR none ", " cds ", " appcds "."
For more info, see Java documentation and
.BR elj-run (1)
manpage.
.TP
.BI CLASS_PATH= """/path/to/lib1:/path/to/lib2"""
Set the common java class path. To append this path, use this macro:
.PP
.RS
.B CLASS_PATH="$(append_path """$CLASS_PATH""" """/path/to/lib3""")"
.RE
.TP
.BI MODULE_PATH= """/path/to/mod1:/path/to/mod2"""
Set the common java module path. To append this path, use this macro:
.PP
.RS
.B MODULE_PATH="$(append_path """$MODULE_PATH""" """/path/to/mod3""")"
.RE
.PP
For prepending the paths, you can use the \fBprepend_path\fR macro.
.SH REPORTING BUGS
.PP
Please report bugs to GitHub:
.UR https://github.com/ev3dev-lang-java/openjdk-system/issues
.UE
\[char46]
.PP
If not sure, report a bug in the main project:
.UR https://github.com/ev3dev-lang-java/ev3dev-lang-java/issues/
.UE
\[char46]
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \[co] 2018 Jakub Vaněk. License: MIT license
.UR https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
.UE
\[char46]
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR elj-run "(1), " elj-shjar "(1), " java "(1)"
