.TH "ELJ-STUB" "7" "2018-08-13" "ev3dev-lang-java" "Miscellaneous Information Manual"
.SH NAME
stub.sh \- jar wrapper for ev3dev-lang-java
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B stub.sh
[\fIJAR OPTIONS\fR ...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.B stub.sh
is a small shell script template that is preprocessed by
.BR elj-shjar (1)
and then a JAR file is appended to it.
This script provides minimal interface for running and extracting
its payload and flushing the AppCDS cache.

.SH OPTIONS
.PP
All options are passed as JAR arguments to the
.BR elj-run (1)
program.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B ELJ_EXTRACT
If this variable is set, the appended JAR is extracted to the file path
contained in the variable.
.TP
.B ELJ_FLUSH
If this variable is set, AppCDS cache is flushed before running
the program.
Unlike with \fBelj-run\fR, setting this variable does not stop it from running the payload.
.SH FILES
.TP
\fI/path/to/file.sh\fB.flush\fR
If a file with the script name and an extra \fB.flush\fR suffix is found,
AppCDS cache will be refreshed and the \fB.flush\fR file will be deleted.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.IP 0
if OK.
.IP "not 0"
if something failed.
.PP
.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
To simply run the wrapped program:
.PP
.nf
.RS
$ \fB./program.sh arg1 arg2\fR
.RE
.fi
.PP
To flush the AppCDS cache:
.PP
.nf
.RS
$ \fBtouch ./program.sh.flush\fR
$ \fB./program.sh arg1 arg2\fR
.RE
.fi
.PP
- or -
.PP
.nf
.RS
$ \fBEFJ_FLUSH=1 ./program.sh arg1 arg2\fR
.RE
.fi
.PP
To extract the payload:
.PP
.nf
.RS
$ \fBELJ_EXTRACT=./program.jar ./program.sh\fR
.RE
.fi
.PP
.SH REPORTING BUGS
.PP
Please report bugs to GitHub:
.UR https://github.com/ev3dev-lang-java/openjdk-system/issues
.UE
\[char46]
.PP
If not sure, report a bug in the main project:
.UR https://github.com/ev3dev-lang-java/ev3dev-lang-java/issues/
.UE
\[char46]
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \[co] 2018 Jakub Vaněk. License: MIT license
.UR https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
.UE
\[char46]
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR elj-jar "(1), " elj-shjar "(1), " elj.d "(5), " java "(1)"
